# Post Mortem
This app was one where we had to get familiar with the Google API and send an image to the google api then receive its "contents" or a guess of what you have taken a picture of. In this App I was having a tough time grabbing the image from the camera again which was something I had to really work around, creating new loops and variable checks to try and get my image view to take the bitmap. I even got to a point where all my code seemed right and I even asked the professor and he agreed that everything was correct. My only other option at this point was to start over and copy all of my new code into his example GoogleApiExample. This was frustrating but after creating a new string variable as a check I was able to work around this. A problem I did not work around is how to make the gallery to work, I still have not had the time to really dive into this and this was something I was really looking forward to implementing in this project. The most fun part of this assignment was seeing how the google Api works and realizing the potential that it has. I hope that I can turn this app into a game in the near future, maybe into a I Spy or even a charade type game. The most difficult part of this assignment by far was getting the Google Api to respond and getting familiarized with the different functions calls that the API uses and seeing how information is moved here. If I was to improve the assignment I would add both a gallery button, take a new picture button, a yes and a no button. The gallery and take a new picture buttons would give the user the opportunity to do what they want with the app, not just be set to only taking a picture. The Yes and No buttons would be used to help the user say if the guessed image is actually what they took a picture of or not. I would also like to implement a function in the google API that would give a description of what the picture is in percentages. I also thought of improving this app to give you pictures and you have to type what it a picture is of and if you are correct then you get the right picture. There is a time limit and it is you against another player. This assignment was really challenging for me and I wish I was able to implement more but I learned a lot about the functionality of the Google APi and figured out how to use service keys and a lot of different features. Hope to be able to expand from this and if I was to do this app again I would say first just get the picture to the screen and move on from there. 
