# Post Mortem
 This app was a huge learning experience for me, even with the entire starter code we were given it was tough to figure out what was really wrong when I had errors in my code, after figuring out how to use “watches” and other debugging tools it made this 100 times easier, so I highly recommend familiarizing yourself with these. Especially with bitmaps, I had a problem where my (_file), which was a global directory and my problem was I couldn't get the bitmap to read from the _file. After visiting the professor (which I highly recommend), I was able to figure out why my bitmap were having such a hard time catching the code, and after adding a few lines I was missing and moved a few things from some loops I had then the code started to work fine. From this I would say work on all the basics off the app first, ask questions when you are having a hard time and use google/youtube to help fill in those blanks that you are unsure of! For awhile I had a tough time making my code work while dealing with this so if I was to restart this program I would really familiarize myself with bitmaps sooner and figure out how the example code works. An issue I had while dealing with the app was that I couldn't figure out how to save a picture or pick a picture from the gallery. This ties in with me not really understanding how to make the bitmaps work for so long. I kind of had to just get as much as I could since at first my code wasn’t working. I tried to implement this code but I didn't see how to exactly do it and maybe for the next app I will figure out how to do this. The best part of this assignment was seeing what your app can do, having a working app that put effects on your pictures is awesome and having my first working project felt amazing. Another key tip I would say about this app (or any app for that matter) is try to figure out one thing at a time. It is impossible to just “pop” your app out, start with small goals first like, make sure your variables are collecting data. Then maybe get to the point where you can output a picture to the screen and then implement your effects. Another thing I learned is try not to get stuck on one thing for too long, I have found myself spending hours diving into one section of my code when in the end it doesn’t even benefit me or my program. You have to find what is important and what is not.   Last but least I would say talk to your classmates, everyone is trying to get to the same goal even though we are all doing it in different ways, share ideas and when you have the time even show others your code, you would be surprised at how much negative and positive feedback you may get back. 



Use this page to discuss what you learned from completing this assignment.  It should be completed **after** you finish coding your assignment. Your post mortem must be at least 500 words long.  Note that the focus of the paper should be on your reflection, not on structure (e.g. introductory paragraph, conclusion, etc.).  The essay is graded on content (i.e. it shows deep though) rather than syntax (e.g. spelling) and structure.  

Below are some prompts that can be used to get you thinking.  Feel free to use these or to make up your own.
* Describe a particular struggle that you overcame when working on this programming assignment.
* Conversely, describe an issue with your assignment that you were unable to resolve.
* Provide advice to a future student on how he or she might succeed on this assignment.
* Describe the most fun aspect of the assignment.
* Describe the most challenging aspect of the assignment.
* Describe the most difficult aspect of the assignment to understand.
* Provide any suggestions for improving the assignment in the future.
